Support to Check the HTTP Response Text (#80)
megaease/easeprobe: README.md

    success_code:
      - [200,206] # the code >=200 and <= 206
      - [300,308] # the code >=300 and <= 308
    # Response Checking

>     contain: "success" # if not contain this string, the server is failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    contain: "success" # response body must contain this string, if not the probe is considered failed.
```

>     not_contain: "failure" # if contain this string, the server is failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    not_contain: "failure" # response body must NOT contain this string, if it does the probe is considered failed.
```
